Update to sharp bits page re: transforms & PennyLane (#2662)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/sharp_bits.rst

    ] a
  in (b,) }

When composing transforms, issues can arise when a transform must be applied
as a tape transform, not a transform that modifies a program at the MLIR
level. A transform will be applied as a tape transform in two cases:

- The transform does not have an MLIR implementation in Catalyst.
- Transforms up to and including the last transform that does not have an MLIR
  implementation in Catalyst.

Consider the following example that includes ``cancel_inverses``,
``merge_rotations``, and ``commute_controlled``.

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=3)

    @qml.qjit
    @qml.transforms.commute_controlled(direction="right") # applied as a tape transform
    @qml.transforms.cancel_inverses(recursive=True) # applied as the MLIR pass

>     @qml.transforms.merge_rotations # applied as the MLIR pass

Reviewer: I would expect these to all be applied as tape transforms, since the two passes with MLIR implementations are applied before the tape transform
```suggestion
    @qml.transforms.commute_controlled(direction="right") # applied as a tape transform
    @qml.transforms.cancel_inverses(recursive=True) # applied as a tape transform
    @qml.transforms.merge_rotations # applied as a tape transform
```

Consider the following example that includes ``cancel_inverses``,
``merge_rotations``, and ``commute_controlled``.

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=3)

    @qml.qjit
    @qml.transforms.commute_controlled(direction="right") # applied as a tape transform
    @qml.transforms.cancel_inverses(recursive=True) # applied as the MLIR pass
    @qml.transforms.merge_rotations # applied as the MLIR pass
    @qml.qnode(device=dev)
    def circuit(theta):
        qml.CZ(wires=[0, 2])
        qml.X(2)
        qml.S(wires=0)

        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])

        qml.H(0)
        qml.H(0)

        qml.RX(theta, wires=1)
        qml.RX(theta, wires=1)

        return qml.expval(qml.Z(0))

>>> circuit(0.1)
Array(1., dtype=float64)

The ``merge_rotations`` and ``cancel_inverses`` passes have an MLIR
implementation (see the :mod:`catalyst.passes` module) and are applied using
that implementation. The ``commute_controlled`` pass is applied as a tape
transform since it does not have an MLIR implementation.

However, if we were to swap ``cancel_inverses`` and ``commute_controlled`` like
below, ``cancel_inverses`` would be applied as a tape transform since it does

> not have an MLIR implementation.

Author: ```suggestion
below, ``cancel_inverses`` would now be applied as a tape transform since it comes after ``commute_controlled``.
```
